README.md, before:

Video.js Record
===============

A Video.js plugin for recording audio/video/image files.

<img title="Screenshot" src="examples/img/screenshot.png?raw=true" width="329">

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/videojs-record.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/videojs-record)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/videojs-record.svg)]()
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/videojs-record.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/collab-project/videojs-record.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/collab-project/videojs-record)

Installation
------------

Use [bower](http://bower.io) (`bower install videojs-record`) or
[npm](https://www.npmjs.org) (`npm install videojs-record`) to install
the plugin or [download](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/releases)
the library and dependencies elsewhere.

Since v1.0 this plugin is compatible with video.js 5.0 and newer. If you want to use
this plugin with an older video.js 4.x version, check the
[archived releases](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/releases)
for a 0.9.x or older release.

Dependencies
------------

The plugin has the following mandatory dependency:

- [Video.js](https://github.com/videojs/video.js) - HTML5 media player that provides the user interface.

When recording audio and/or video you also need:

- [RecordRTC.js](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RecordRTC) - Adds support for audio/video/GIF recording.

And when recording audio-only, the following dependencies are also required:

- [wavesurfer.js](https://github.com/katspaugh/wavesurfer.js) - Provides a navigable waveform for audio files. Comes with a [microphone plugin](http://www.wavesurfer-js.org/example/microphone) used for realtime visualization of the microphone audio signal.
- [videojs-wavesurfer](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-wavesurfer) - Transforms Video.js into an audio-player.

Optional dependencies for other output formats:

- [libvorbis.js](https://github.com/Garciat/libvorbis.js) - Converts PCM audio data to compressed Ogg Vorbis audio, resulting a smaller audio files with similar quality.

Usage
-----

Start by including the video.js stylesheet and library:

```html
<link href="//vjs.zencdn.net/5.2.1/video-js.css" rel="stylesheet">
<script src="//vjs.zencdn.net/5.2.1/video.js"></script>
```

If you're going to record audio and/or video you need to include RecordRTC as well:

```html
<script src="//cdn.webrtc-experiment.com/RecordRTC.js"></script>
```

The videojs-record plugin automatically registers itself when the script
is included on the page:

```html
<script src="videojs.record.js"></script>
```

Add the extra stylesheet for the plugin that includes a
[custom font](src/css/font) with additional icons:

```html
<link href="videojs.record.css" rel="stylesheet">
```

### Audio/video/image

When recording either audio/video, video-only, animated GIF or a single image,
include a `video` element:

```html
<video id="myVideo" class="video-js vjs-default-skin"></video>
```

Check out the full audio/video
([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/audio-video.html) / [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/audio-video.html)),
image ([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/image-only.html) / [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/image-only.html)),
animated GIF ([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/animated-gif.html) / [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/animated-gif.html)) or the
video-only ([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/video-only.html) or [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/video-only.html)) examples.

Note that recording both audio and video into a single WebM file is currently
only supported in Mozilla Firefox >= 29. In the Chrome browser two separate
Blob objects are created: one for audio and one for video.

### Audio-only

![Audio-only screenshot](examples/img/audio-only.png?raw=true "Audio-only screenshot")

When recording audio-only, also include the wavesurfer.js library and
the videojs-wavesurfer and microphone plugins. Make sure to place this before
the `videojs.record.js` script.

```html
<script src="http://wavesurfer-js.org/dist/wavesurfer.min.js"></script>
<script src="http://wavesurfer-js.org/dist/plugin/wavesurfer.microphone.min.js"></script>
<script src="videojs.wavesurfer.js"></script>
```

And define an `audio` element:

```html
<audio id="myAudio" class="video-js vjs-default-skin"></audio>
```

Check out the full audio-only example ([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/audio-only.html) / [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/audio-only.html)).

Options
-------

Configure the player using the video.js
[options](https://github.com/videojs/video.js/blob/master/docs/guides/options.md),
and enable the plugin by adding a `record` configuration to `plugins`. For
example:

```javascript
var player = videojs("myVideo",
{
    controls: true,
    loop: false,
    width: 320,
    height: 240,
    plugins: {
        record: {
            image: false,
            audio: false,
            video: true,
            maxLength: 5
        }
    }
});
```

The available options for this plugin are:

| Option | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `image` | boolean or object | `false` | Create single snapshot image. |
| `audio` | boolean or object | `false` | Include audio in the recorded clip. |
| `video` | boolean or object | `false` | Include video in the recorded clip. |
| `animation` | boolean | `false` | Animated GIF. |
| `maxLength` | float | `10` | Maximum length of the recorded clip. |
| `audioEngine` | string | `recordrtc` | Audio recording library to use. Legal values are `recordrtc` and `libvorbis.js`. |
| `audioBufferSize` | float | `4096` | The size of the audio buffer (in sample-frames per second). Legal values: 0, 256, 512, 1024, 2048, 4096, 8192 and 16384. |
| `audioSampleRate` | float | `44100` | The audio sample rate (in sample-frames per second) at which the `AudioContext` handles audio. Legal values are in the range of 22050 to 96000. |
| `audioWorkerURL` | string | `''` | URL for the audio worker, for example: `libvorbis.oggvbr.asyncencoder.worker.min.js`. Currently only used for libvorbis.js. |
| `audioModuleURL` | string | `''` | URL for the audio module, for example: `libvorbis.asmjs.min.js`. Currently only used for libvorbis.js. |
| `animationFrameRate` | float | `200` | Frame rate for animated GIF (in frames per second). |
| `animationQuality` | float | `10` | Sets quality of color quantization (conversion of images to the maximum 256 colors allowed by the GIF specification). Lower values (minimum = 1) produce better colors, but slow processing significantly. The default produces good color mapping at reasonable speeds. Values greater than 20 do not yield significant improvements in speed. |
| `debug` | boolean | `false` | Enables console log messages. |

Methods
-------

Methods for this plugin documented below are available on the `recorder` object
of the video.js player instance. For example:

```javascript
player.recorder.destroy();
```

| Method | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `isRecording` | Returns a boolean indicating whether recording is active or not. |
| `getRecordType` | Get recorder type as string. Either `image_only`, `animation`, `audio_only`, `video_only` or `audio_video`. |
| `destroy` | Destroys the recorder instance and children (including the video.js player). |
| `stopDevice` | Stop the recording and the active audio and/or video device(s). |
| `getDevice` | Start the audio and/or video device(s). |

Events
------

Plugin events that are available on the video.js player instance. For example:

```javascript
player.on('startRecord', function()
{
    console.log('started recording!');
});
```

| Event | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `deviceReady` | The webcam and/or microphone is ready to use. |
| `deviceError` | User doesn't allow the browser to access the webcam and/or microphone. Check `player.deviceErrorCode` for the specific [error code](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigator/getUserMedia#errorCallback). |
| `startRecord` | User pressed the record or camera button to start recording. |
| `stopRecord` | User pressed the stop button to stop recording. |
| `finishRecord` | The recorded stream or image is available. [Check the](#get-recorded-data) `player.recordedData` object for the recorded data. |

Media Constraints
-----------------

[Media stream constraints](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaDevices/getUserMedia#Parameters)
allow you to specify the types of media to request, along with any requirements for each type.

Use the `width` and `height` settings to change the camera resolution for example:

```javascript
var player = videojs("myVideo",
{
    controls: true,
    loop: false,
    // dimensions of player
    width: 1280,
    height: 720,
    plugins: {
        record: {
            audio: false,
            video: {
                // resolution of camera
                width: 1280,
                height: 720
            },
            maxLength: 5
        }
    }
});
```

Get recorded data
-----------------

Listen for the `finishRecord` event and obtain the recorded data from the
`player.recordedData` object for further processing:

```javascript
// user completed recording and stream is available
player.on('finishRecord', function()
{
    // the recordedData object contains the stream data that
    // can be downloaded by the user, stored on server etc.
    console.log('finished recording: ', player.recordedData);
});
```

Check the [jquery.fileupload](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/upload/jquery.fileupload.html) or [Fine Uploader](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/upload/fine-uploader.html) examples on how to upload the
data to a server.

Note that in the Chrome browser `player.recordedData` returns an object with
`audio` and `video` properties when recording both audio/video. In Firefox
it returns a single WebM Blob object containing both audio and video.

Customizing controls
--------------------

To disable and hide specific controls, use the video.js `controlBar`
option:

```javascript
controlBar: {
    // hide volume and fullscreen controls
    volumeMenuButton: false,
    fullscreenToggle: false
},
```

Other output formats
--------------------

Microphone recordings can result in large audio files, especially when there is no native
support for other audio formats (.ogg for example) in the browser (like Chrome).
libvorbis.js provides a Javascript implementation of a PCM to Ogg Vorbis encoder and
you can choose to use this instead of RecordRTC (currently only available when recording
audio-only).

Include the libvorbis.js library (instead of RecordRTC.js) and place it before
any other scripts:

```html
<script src="/path/to/libvorbis.oggvbr.asyncencoder.min.js" async></script>
```

And specify the `libvorbis.js` `audioEngine`, `audioWorkerURL` and
`audioModuleURL` options.

Check out the audio-only Ogg example ([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/audio-only-ogg.html) / [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/audio-only-ogg.html)).

Localization
------------

This plugin supports multiple languages. Each language has it's own file
(found in the `lang` directory) that contains the translated text.

Using a different language, for example Dutch (`nl`), is done by including
the Video.js language file and the plugin's language file:

```html
<script src="videojs-record/dist/lang/nl.js"></script>
<script src="//vjs.zencdn.net/5.2.1/lang/nl.js"></script>
```

And setting the Video.js player's `language` option:

```javascript
language: "nl"
```

Adding support for an additional language is done by adding a new file with
a filename that consists of the countrycode and the `.json` extension, eg.
`fr.json`. The [build script](#development) compiles the JSON into a usable
language file, eg. `fr.js`. Check the Video.js wiki for a
[list of supported countrycodes](https://github.com/videojs/video.js/blob/master/docs/guides/languages.md#language-codes).
Pull requests to add more languages to this plugin are always welcome!

More features using other plugins
---------------------------------

The Video.js community created
[lots of plugins](https://github.com/videojs/video.js/wiki/Plugins)
that can be used to enhance the player's functionality. Plugins actually
tested with `videojs-record`:

- [videojs-persistvolume](https://github.com/theonion/videojs-persistvolume) -
  Saves user's volume setting using `localStorage`, but falls back to cookies
  if necessary.

Development
-----------

Install `grunt-cli`:

```
sudo npm install -g grunt-cli
```

Install dependencies using npm:

```
npm install
```

Or using bower:

```
bower install
```

Build a minified version:

```
grunt
```

Generated files are placed in the `dist` directory.

Font
----

Generate or update the font files:

```
grunt font
```

Check the [the font readme](src/css/font/README.md) for more information.

License
-------

This work is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

add support for recorder.js (#33)

README.md, after:

Video.js Record
===============

A Video.js plugin for recording audio/video/image files.

<img title="Screenshot" src="examples/img/screenshot.png?raw=true" width="329">

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/videojs-record.svg?style=flat)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/videojs-record)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/videojs-record.svg)]()
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/videojs-record.svg)](LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/collab-project/videojs-record.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/collab-project/videojs-record)

Installation
------------

Use [bower](http://bower.io) (`bower install videojs-record`) or
[npm](https://www.npmjs.org) (`npm install videojs-record`) to install
the plugin or [download](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/releases)
the library and dependencies elsewhere.

Since v1.0 this plugin is compatible with video.js 5.0 and newer. If you want to use
this plugin with an older video.js 4.x version, check the
[archived releases](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/releases)
for a 0.9.x or older release.

Dependencies
------------

The plugin has the following mandatory dependency:

- [Video.js](https://github.com/videojs/video.js) - HTML5 media player that provides the user interface.

When recording audio and/or video you also need:

- [RecordRTC.js](https://github.com/muaz-khan/RecordRTC) - Adds support for audio/video/GIF recording.

And when recording audio-only, the following dependencies are also required:

- [wavesurfer.js](https://github.com/katspaugh/wavesurfer.js) - Provides a navigable waveform for audio files. Comes with a [microphone plugin](http://www.wavesurfer-js.org/example/microphone) used for realtime visualization of the microphone audio signal.
- [videojs-wavesurfer](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-wavesurfer) - Transforms Video.js into an audio-player.

Optional dependencies when using alternative audio libraries:

- [libvorbis.js](https://github.com/Garciat/libvorbis.js) - Converts PCM audio data to compressed Ogg Vorbis audio, resulting a smaller audio files with similar quality.
- [recorder.js](https://github.com/mattdiamond/Recorderjs) - A plugin for recording/exporting the output of Web Audio API nodes.

Usage
-----

Start by including the video.js stylesheet and library:

```html
<link href="//vjs.zencdn.net/5.2.1/video-js.css" rel="stylesheet">
<script src="//vjs.zencdn.net/5.2.1/video.js"></script>
```

If you're going to record audio and/or video you need to include RecordRTC as well:

```html
<script src="//cdn.webrtc-experiment.com/RecordRTC.js"></script>
```

The videojs-record plugin automatically registers itself when the script
is included on the page:

```html
<script src="videojs.record.js"></script>
```

Add the extra stylesheet for the plugin that includes a
[custom font](src/css/font) with additional icons:

```html
<link href="videojs.record.css" rel="stylesheet">
```

### Audio/video/image

When recording either audio/video, video-only, animated GIF or a single image,
include a `video` element:

```html
<video id="myVideo" class="video-js vjs-default-skin"></video>
```

Check out the full audio/video
([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/audio-video.html) / [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/audio-video.html)),
image ([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/image-only.html) / [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/image-only.html)),
animated GIF ([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/animated-gif.html) / [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/animated-gif.html)) or the
video-only ([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/video-only.html) or [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/video-only.html)) examples.

Note that recording both audio and video into a single WebM file is currently
only supported in Mozilla Firefox >= 29. In the Chrome browser two separate
Blob objects are created: one for audio and one for video.

### Audio-only

![Audio-only screenshot](examples/img/audio-only.png?raw=true "Audio-only screenshot")

When recording audio-only, also include the wavesurfer.js library and
the videojs-wavesurfer and microphone plugins. Make sure to place this before
the `videojs.record.js` script.

```html
<script src="http://wavesurfer-js.org/dist/wavesurfer.min.js"></script>
<script src="http://wavesurfer-js.org/dist/plugin/wavesurfer.microphone.min.js"></script>
<script src="videojs.wavesurfer.js"></script>
```

And define an `audio` element:

```html
<audio id="myAudio" class="video-js vjs-default-skin"></audio>
```

Check out the full audio-only example ([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/audio-only.html) / [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/audio-only.html)).

Options
-------

Configure the player using the video.js
[options](https://github.com/videojs/video.js/blob/master/docs/guides/options.md),
and enable the plugin by adding a `record` configuration to `plugins`. For
example:

```javascript
var player = videojs("myVideo",
{
    controls: true,
    loop: false,
    width: 320,
    height: 240,
    plugins: {
        record: {
            image: false,
            audio: false,
            video: true,
            maxLength: 5
        }
    }
});
```

The available options for this plugin are:

| Option | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `image` | boolean or object | `false` | Create single snapshot image. |
| `audio` | boolean or object | `false` | Include audio in the recorded clip. |
| `video` | boolean or object | `false` | Include video in the recorded clip. |
| `animation` | boolean | `false` | Animated GIF. |
| `maxLength` | float | `10` | Maximum length of the recorded clip. |
| `audioEngine` | string | `recordrtc` | Audio recording library to use. Legal values are `recordrtc`, `libvorbis.js` and `recorder.js`. |
| `audioBufferSize` | float | `4096` | The size of the audio buffer (in sample-frames per second). Legal values: 0, 256, 512, 1024, 2048, 4096, 8192 and 16384. |
| `audioSampleRate` | float | `44100` | The audio sample rate (in sample-frames per second) at which the `AudioContext` handles audio. Legal values are in the range of 22050 to 96000. |
| `audioWorkerURL` | string | `''` | URL for the audio worker, for example: `libvorbis.oggvbr.asyncencoder.worker.min.js`. Currently only used for libvorbis.js. |
| `audioModuleURL` | string | `''` | URL for the audio module, for example: `libvorbis.asmjs.min.js`. Currently only used for libvorbis.js. |
| `animationFrameRate` | float | `200` | Frame rate for animated GIF (in frames per second). |
| `animationQuality` | float | `10` | Sets quality of color quantization (conversion of images to the maximum 256 colors allowed by the GIF specification). Lower values (minimum = 1) produce better colors, but slow processing significantly. The default produces good color mapping at reasonable speeds. Values greater than 20 do not yield significant improvements in speed. |
| `debug` | boolean | `false` | Enables console log messages. |

Methods
-------

Methods for this plugin documented below are available on the `recorder` object
of the video.js player instance. For example:

```javascript
player.recorder.destroy();
```

| Method | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `isRecording` | Returns a boolean indicating whether recording is active or not. |
| `getRecordType` | Get recorder type as string. Either `image_only`, `animation`, `audio_only`, `video_only` or `audio_video`. |
| `destroy` | Destroys the recorder instance and children (including the video.js player). |
| `stopDevice` | Stop the recording and the active audio and/or video device(s). |
| `getDevice` | Start the audio and/or video device(s). |

Events
------

Plugin events that are available on the video.js player instance. For example:

```javascript
player.on('startRecord', function()
{
    console.log('started recording!');
});
```

| Event | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `deviceReady` | The webcam and/or microphone is ready to use. |
| `deviceError` | User doesn't allow the browser to access the webcam and/or microphone. Check `player.deviceErrorCode` for the specific [error code](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigator/getUserMedia#errorCallback). |
| `startRecord` | User pressed the record or camera button to start recording. |
| `stopRecord` | User pressed the stop button to stop recording. |
| `finishRecord` | The recorded stream or image is available. [Check the](#get-recorded-data) `player.recordedData` object for the recorded data. |

Media Constraints
-----------------

[Media stream constraints](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaDevices/getUserMedia#Parameters)
allow you to specify the types of media to request, along with any requirements for each type.

Use the `width` and `height` settings to change the camera resolution for example:

```javascript
var player = videojs("myVideo",
{
    controls: true,
    loop: false,
    // dimensions of player
    width: 1280,
    height: 720,
    plugins: {
        record: {
            audio: false,
            video: {
                // resolution of camera
                width: 1280,
                height: 720
            },
            maxLength: 5
        }
    }
});
```

Get recorded data
-----------------

Listen for the `finishRecord` event and obtain the recorded data from the
`player.recordedData` object for further processing:

```javascript
// user completed recording and stream is available
player.on('finishRecord', function()
{
    // the recordedData object contains the stream data that
    // can be downloaded by the user, stored on server etc.
    console.log('finished recording: ', player.recordedData);
});
```

Check the [jquery.fileupload](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/upload/jquery.fileupload.html) or [Fine Uploader](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/upload/fine-uploader.html) examples on how to upload the
data to a server.

Note that in the Chrome browser `player.recordedData` returns an object with
`audio` and `video` properties when recording both audio/video. In Firefox
it returns a single WebM Blob object containing both audio and video.

Customizing controls
--------------------

To disable and hide specific controls, use the video.js `controlBar`
option:

```javascript
controlBar: {
    // hide volume and fullscreen controls
    volumeMenuButton: false,
    fullscreenToggle: false
},
```

Other output formats
--------------------

Microphone recordings can result in large audio files, especially when there is no native
support for other audio formats (.ogg for example) in the browser (like Chrome).
libvorbis.js provides a Javascript implementation of a PCM to Ogg Vorbis encoder and
you can choose to use this instead of RecordRTC (currently only available when recording
audio-only).

Include the libvorbis.js library (instead of RecordRTC.js) and place it before
any other scripts:

```html
<script src="/path/to/libvorbis.oggvbr.asyncencoder.min.js" async></script>
```

And specify the `libvorbis.js` `audioEngine`, `audioWorkerURL` and
`audioModuleURL` options.

Check out the audio-only Ogg example ([demo](https://collab-project.github.io/videojs-record/examples/audio-only-ogg.html) / [source](https://github.com/collab-project/videojs-record/blob/master/examples/audio-only-ogg.html)).

Localization
------------

This plugin supports multiple languages. Each language has it's own file
(found in the `lang` directory) that contains the translated text.

Using a different language, for example Dutch (`nl`), is done by including
the Video.js language file and the plugin's language file:

```html
<script src="videojs-record/dist/lang/nl.js"></script>
<script src="//vjs.zencdn.net/5.2.1/lang/nl.js"></script>
```

And setting the Video.js player's `language` option:

```javascript
language: "nl"
```

Adding support for an additional language is done by adding a new file with
a filename that consists of the countrycode and the `.json` extension, eg.
`fr.json`. The [build script](#development) compiles the JSON into a usable
language file, eg. `fr.js`. Check the Video.js wiki for a
[list of supported countrycodes](https://github.com/videojs/video.js/blob/master/docs/guides/languages.md#language-codes).
Pull requests to add more languages to this plugin are always welcome!

More features using other plugins
---------------------------------

The Video.js community created
[lots of plugins](https://github.com/videojs/video.js/wiki/Plugins)
that can be used to enhance the player's functionality. Plugins actually
tested with `videojs-record`:

- [videojs-persistvolume](https://github.com/theonion/videojs-persistvolume) -
  Saves user's volume setting using `localStorage`, but falls back to cookies
  if necessary.

Development
-----------

Install `grunt-cli`:

```
sudo npm install -g grunt-cli
```

Install dependencies using npm:

```
npm install
```

Or using bower:

```
bower install
```

Build a minified version:

```
grunt
```

Generated files are placed in the `dist` directory.

Font
----

Generate or update the font files:

```
grunt font
```

Check the [the font readme](src/css/font/README.md) for more information.

License
-------

This work is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
